----------------------------------COOKIES----------------------------

You visit a website and log in with your username and password.
The server creates a session for you.
It sends a session cookie back to your browser (e.g., sessionId=abc123).

On the next visit to the website:-
Your browser sends the sessionId cookie back to the server.
The server looks up the session ID and verifies that you are authenticated.
It loads your account, remembering that you're logged in, and shows your personalized homepage.

What Information Can Be Remembered?
Authentication State: Are you logged in? What user account are you using?
User Preferences: Things like the theme (light/dark), language, or default page settings.
Browsing History (if tracked): Some websites may track the pages you've visited or what you’ve clicked on for analytics or to personalize the content.
Shopping Cart: For e-commerce websites, the items you’ve added to your shopping cart can be remembered even if you leave the site and return later.



--------------------------------------Parsing JSON Response---------------

Means extracting values from the JSON structure so we can use them (e.g., for validation, chaining, or debugging).
Example:- String mobileNumber= res.jsonPath().get("x.mobile").toString();

Validating JSON Response
Means checking if the values are correct, match expected results, or meet certain conditions.
Example:- Assert.assertEquals(mobileNumber, "9999999999");


Response: The response in an API is what we actually get back when we make a request, including status code, headers, and the body (which contains the data).
Schema: Describes the expected structure and types of the data, such as what fields are included and whether they are strings, integers, etc. 
It validates that the response (or request) matches the expected format.

Postman: Allows you to test XML responses and check values or elements, but doesn't support XML Schema Validation (XSD validation) directly.
Rest Assured: Supports XML Schema Validation and allows you to validate XML responses
If you're working primarily with JSON-based REST APIs, Postman is great for quick manual or semi-automated testing.
If you're working with XML-based APIs and need to validate against XML Schema Definitions (XSD), then Rest Assured is preferred because Postman doesn’t natively support that.


JSON → JSON Schema → .json file extension
XML → XML Schema → .xsd file extension


Serialization = Convert object → data format
Turning a programming object (like a class instance) into a format that can be stored or sent over the network — usually JSON, XML, or binary.

Deserialization = Convert data format → object
Turning that data (JSON, XML, etc.) back into a usable object in your code.

We need serialization and deserialization to send and receive data over a network.
Programming objects can't travel directly through the network, so we serialize them into a format like JSON or XML.
The receiving side then deserializes that data back into usable objects.

Rest Assured internally uses Jackson’s ObjectMapper for JSON serialization and deserialization. For simple cases like mapping responses to POJOs 
using .as(Class), it handles everything automatically.
However, when we need more control — like custom field mappings, date formats, or handling unknown fields — we use ObjectMapper directly to manage 
the process ourselves.
